hey folks J from Evolution Unleashed
today we're going to have a look at a
feature built into jet GPT plus that
most people haven't really figured out
the utility for in other words how do
you use it to create some real cool
stuff using AI custom
gpts are an inbuilt feature that allow
you to rapidly create content at scale
and this is what I'm most excited about
now there's a ton of other functionality
there's a store a custom GPT store that
you'll be able to monetize shortly and
it contains hundreds of thousands of
custom gpts obviously when you build
these things you can make it private
just for you you can have a link and
just share it with friends and put it
behind the pay wall or you can make it
public and share it with the world but I
want to show you just how powerful
custom gpts are and once you've built
them how easy they are to create content
we'll come to that in a second but let's
go take a quick look at the GPT store so
here we are inside our chat GPT we've
just clicked into the gpts and you've
got a create button up here my gpts
which we'll look at in a moment which is
the gpts I built well you've built on
your one and then you've got the GPT
store top piics you've got gpts for Dary
writing and so on
well that button works well doesn't it
so I guess that doesn't want to go so
it's got some featured like things like
this code co-pilot code smarter build
faster with the expertise of a 10x
programmer by your
side social media strategy software
architecture image generators so you
know there's some really cool ones uh
logo creators and you can use these
these are all free for you to use for
now now open a I have just said goodbye
to their plugins and plugin store they
quietly phase those out because custom
gpts can do the same thing but have
incredibly uh well incredibly more
functionality than what the old plugins
did so this is a good step forward but
most of you I would think haven't quite
figured out how to use these incredible
tools so I'm going to show you something
really cool so look here's just a list
of some of my gpts and we're going to
use let's say my email generator now
this is a private GPT that I've built
for me it's trained on a number of
emails that I've already sent it's got
my style you can have up to 10 context
documents with lots of information so
you can feed it so much and it can
emulate so now instead of having to
write an email in my own voice the AI
can do it for me using my own
custombuilt GPT let me demonstrate Let's
do an email uh create an email
um telling people we
have a
free
toolkit called the ultimate prompt
toolkit which will help them get started
in their AI Journey just something
simple just what is the email
about and now it's going to create it in
the tone of voice that I've
selected and it does it instantly but
this is just the beginning now we won't
get into the heavy stuff today actions
where you can connect this to zapier and
have it connect to crms automatically
send emails not just write them but send
them gosh we're heading into a very very
uh exciting world of Automation and AI
so there you can see it's written it in
my
language but check this out now I want
to create an image to go with the email
so I can call up one of my other custom
gpts just using the at function
and I'm going to use my cute kawi
inspired image generator so I don't have
to change Windows I can just call it up
and now I'm talking to a different
custom GPT talk about automating content
at scale and then I all I do is say
please create me an image for the
email gosh content creation has got easy
and you're going to be able to create
content at scale and with custom gpts
we're just scratching the surface of
what's possible so as it creates this
image imagine you had a suite of custom
gpts that could do your press releases
your social media posts your imagery
your scripts for YouTube whatever it is
that you need in marketing if it's a
repetitive task you can just build it
into a custom GPT now we do have a
really cool custom G G PT guide just to
let you know it's got everything you
need uh right through with screenshots
talks you and walks you right through
that's available in our patreon I'll
drop a link down below very very cool
but if we come back to
here you can see that we've got our
image we've got our email and now please
create me an image for
Facebook uh for the same product okay so
you can just instantly create content at
scale if you need a Facebook post it'll
create the Facebook post this is the
power of custom gpts and when you have
an army of them all trained on your
brand voice your visual identity your
target market your
offer all of these things the market
trends Gap apps that you can exploit in
your competitors and you can build an
army of
gpts that will deliver the content to
propel you forward this is what we're
building in our marketing accelerator
framework or MAF version two we're
creating a fully automated perfectly
aligned content machine that will spit
out months of content in minutes and you
can do it all from one screen just
calling up your uh gpts so there's our
next image for Facebook a bit different
from our first one uh as well let's not
roll on that if I zoom out we can see
these properly
yeah yeah so this is a carway generator
but you know I can I can also do things
like now do it in the style
of comic book story
art
glitch and pop art with subtle hints of
Neon on Art and it'll rerun the image
according to the different styles and
this is a power of Dary you can once you
understand how to alter the images using
Styles you can program that into a
custom GPT as well so the custom GPT
that I'm using and talking to at the
moment even though we're in our email
generator is the car inspired but I
actually have other custom gpts for
different image Styles and I can just go
at call that up so when I'm doing a
campaign or any marke
custom gpts enable me to do it super
fast because you can fit so much
training data oh wow that's really
different it gave me a actual comic book
now we could edit the text quite easily
uh if we wanted to keep that but not the
greatest image in the world we'll just
let it run again but anyway let's go
take a
look at these uh gpts I just want to
quickly show you how to edit
them so go into one of mine I want to
show you this
car and just show you how cool it
is so I can click there and go
edit and there it has all of our
instructions I have my starting things
over here so that you'll see you can
give it a bit of a go so when you call
it up okay it will give you some ideas
on how to prompt it and it's all about
making content easy and this is what
people are missing with custom
gpts and there's a b image oh let's have
a look oh very different okay so we give
that a bit so even though we're in the
email generator right so we want to come
back to that we just say at my email
generator and uh please craft a followup
email with more
urgency just so easy to create create
content you just think it tell it what
you want in a simple line no prompting
needed so once you've built your army of
gpts you can create content align to
your Market move them through the
customer Journey at scale instantly I am
so excited about custom gpts and how we
can incorporate it into business because
this is really about accelerating our
marketing and making it more effective
and impactful uh using AI so look at
that we've now got a uh last chance
don't miss it out miss out on your AI
Adventure kit and so on so it gives me
the email that I want anyway just wanted
to wet your appetite today introduce the
concept of custom
gpts and in the video coming up I'm
going to actually show you the full
content Creation Suite where I'll show
you how to create all the content you
could possibly want just sitting at one
prompt calling up your gpts and just
telling it to create what you need so
easy this is AI blending with automation
all designed to do the heavy lifting
fill in our blind spots and make our
lives and businesses easier so if that
is something you want to learn about
again I've dropped the link to the
custom GPT building guide for our
patreon
members and aside from that folks I do
encourage you to get in at least go to
the GPT store and look at some of the
amazing gpts that have been built you
can see how many people are using them
and you can come up with some really
cool use cases that will completely
overhaul the way you create content and
the way you Market your business
incredible that's it for today folks see
you in the next one peace